Add explanation of logger output (#803)
DLR-RM/stable-baselines3: docs/common/logger.rst

  model.set_logger(new_logger)
  model.learn(10000)

Explanation of logger output
----------------------------

You can find below short explanations of the value logged in Stable-Baselines3 (SB3).
Depending on the algorithm used and of the wrappers/callbacks applied, SB3 only logs a subset of those keys during training.

> eval/

Author: yes

> eval/

Reviewer: Might want to mention that `EvalCallback` is required for any of the `eval/` stats, in that case ^^ (sorry, forgot to suggest this in the original message).

> eval/

Author: no worry, I understood the underlying remark and did it ;)

^^^^^
- ``mean_ep_length``: Mean episode length
- ``mean_reward``: Mean episodic reward (during evaluation), an ``EvalCallback`` is required to compute that value
- ``success_rate``: Mean success rate during evaluation (1.0 means 100% success), the environment info dict must contain an ``is_success`` key to compute that value

rollout/
^^^^^^^^
- ``ep_len_mean``: Mean episode length (averaged over 100 episodes)

> - ``ep_rew_mean``: Mean episodic training reward (averaged over 100 episodes), a ``Monitor`` wrapper is required to compute that value

Reviewer 2: From a statistical perspective, `median` is a more robust measure than `mean` for averaging some numeric values. I think episodic length mean's and episodic reward means could be measured in terms of median. This way, the average value will not be susceptible to high reward/length values.

> - ``ep_rew_mean``: Mean episodic training reward (averaged over 100 episodes), a ``Monitor`` wrapper is required to compute that value

Author: That's a bit offtopic w.r.t. that PR but to answer you, the training reward is only a proxy of the performance and should not be used for evaluation/ proper comparison (that's what we have the `EvalCallback` that also reports standard deviation). And median is also not a perfect metric as it may not reflect enough the distribution of scores (you can read more about evaluation [here](https://araffin.github.io/post/rliable/) where IQM is suggested as a replacement), for instance you can change half the scores to zero without changing the median.

- ``exploration_rate``: Current value of the exploration rate when using DQN, it corresponds to the fraction of actions taken randomly (epsilon of the "epsilon-greedy" exploration)

> - ``success_rate``: Mean success rate during training (averaged over 100 episodes), you must pass an extra argument to the ``Monitor`` wrapper to log that value (``info_keywords=("is_success",)``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``success_rate``: Mean success rate during training (averaged over 100 episodes), you must pass an extra argument to the ``Monitor`` wrapper to log that value (``info_keywords=("is_success",)``) and provide ``info["is_success"]=True/False`` on the final step of the episode
```

time/
^^^^^
- ``episodes``: Total number of episodes
- ``fps``: Number of frames per seconds (includes time taken by gradient update)
- ``iterations``: Number of iterations (data collection + policy update for A2C/PPO)
- ``time_elapsed``: Time in seconds since the beginning of training
- ``total_timesteps``: Total number of timesteps (steps in the environments)

train/
^^^^^^
- ``actor_loss``: Current value for the actor loss for off-policy algorithms
- ``approx_kl``: approximate mean KL divergence between old and new policy (for PPO), it is an estimation of how much changes happened in the update
- ``clip_fraction``: mean fraction of surrogate loss that was clipped (above ``clip_range`` threshold) for PPO.
- ``clip_range``: Current value of the clipping factor for the surrogate loss of PPO
- ``critic_loss``: Current value for the critic function loss for off-policy algorithms, usually error between value function output and TD(0), temporal difference estimate
- ``ent_coef``: Current value of the entropy coefficient (when using SAC)
- ``ent_coef_loss``: Current value of the entropy coefficient loss (when using SAC)

> - ``entropy_loss``: Mean value of the entropy loss (inversely proportional to the entropy of the policy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``entropy_loss``: Mean value of the entropy loss (negative of the average policy entropy)
```
